---
title: "Hive Type"
language: en
layout: post
categories:
  - wtc
tags:
 - Wearing the Cape (Playtest)
header: no
---

One of the weirdest kiind of breakthroughs provided by The Event is the so-called Hive-Type. They look like common person, normally weaker then Paragons, but their main power is the capacity to tap upon knowledge from other consciousness. There's lots of ways that they can do this: either they (Villains normally) can take and "process" other's mind to bring them into themselves. Some developed this power by bring some kind of dellusional consciousness into power, like those with Multiple Personality Disorder Disease. Others had a kind of weird collective breakthrough where each one can feel the other feelings or even "talk" with them no matter the distance.

Some says that Hive-Type are only a kind of weak Mentalist-Type. This is a misconception, sometimes a fatal one: Hive-Type have _normally_ only the power to tap upon knowledge from their "sources" (shared or not), but this can make a difference when one of the minds into your Hive is a _US Marine Sniper_ or even a _Verne_. This is the main power of them: they can tap from everyone that is somewhat linked with him (how this link is done depend on the Hive-Type), including breakthrough powers! Fortunately there's so few of them that can do this... But a Hive can be very powerful when he knows himself, his mind-friends and can prepare itself.

## Power Permissions

The Hive-Type Power is basically based on how many and how powerful the other minds inside the Hive. The Hive can be a controller one (one main personality just tapping the powers from others) or even a Gestalt (where all the Hive can talk to each other "mentally" and so)

## Power Skill

Normally, _Hive-Tapping_ uses the _Willpower_ Attribute, although some of them can learn to tap better than normal under his _Hive_, using the _Awareness_ Stunt.

## Invocations and Compels

A Hive-Type can invoke their power to bring upon a consciousness or tap into the Hive resources, or to send messages for another members of the Hive (if you're part of a Gestalt). At the same time, a Hive-Type can be compelled to lose the control of his own body, took by another consciousness or called by someone else from his Gestalt. 

Hive-Type are also somewhat capable to identify other Hive-Type, at least from the "same type" of themselves. This is also a good way to Invoke or Compel the Power Aspect.

## Power Stunts

Normally, Hive-Types, if they take by themselves, will take only Stunts from Paragon or Mentalist, trying to work better with their own powers. Althought there's nothing against taking some Power Stunts from other Types (or even tapping for them from someone into the Hive!).

The main Hive-Type Power Stunts will take the following Stunts:

+ _The Others:_ like the _Stunt Pool Metamorph-Type_ Stunt - but each one has a _Hero_, _Trouble_ and at least one _Background_ Aspect, that can also be Ivoked/Compelled.
+ _Gestalt:_ works like _Slippery Metamorph-Type_ Stunt
+ _Exchange Consciousness:_ works like _The Change Metamorph-Type_ Stunt, using Willpower
+ _Awareness:_ each level sums +2 to _Willpower_ for Hive-Tapping checks. Up to 4.
+ _Exchangeable Skills/Resources:_ as they call upon the Hive to change their powers, they can do this by somewhat tapping on others Skills/Resources. Normally this is done via the _Stunt Pool_, however a Hive can take some Skills exchange as default. By 1 SFP, you can "lock on" one Skill Exchange, setting it previously. By 2 SFP, you can choose the Exchanges _on-the-fly_.
  > __Example:__ Rick is a Hive-Type that tap upon the skills from other people from his Hive, by calling for their help. One of them is the master-thief and Paragon Lorcas O'Malley. To do this, he exchange his __Good Academics (+3)__ with his __Mediocre larceny  (+0)__, representing Lorcas skills on pickpocketing or lockpicking.
+ _Mindworld:_ you can consult your Hive for tips on what to do. Pay 1 FP to pay this and call their help on any specific check. On this Challenge/Contest/Conflict, you'll receive +1 in all related checks, based on your Hive tips. Describe to the GM how you Hive help you at each check. However, you can't do any check you can't normally at that moment, like using Power Skills/Stunts you don't have (although you can do this by using Powers Stunts into a Stunt Pool)
+ _Tagteam:_ you have one Consciousness that can assume yourself when you are _taken out_ or _give in_. Any Physical Consequences stays, but Mental Consequences are ignored and Stress are cleaned out, and can assume the Conflict the point you are. You can do this only once per session. Name this and Give him a different Hero Aspect and Trouble. You can use Stunt Pool to build the Powers for this consciousness. 2SFP
+ _Pain Share:_ (require _Awareness_ and _Gestalt_) as far you can contact others in the Hive, you can transfer their pain (either physically and emotionally) to others. Pay 1FP or do a _Hive-Tap_ roll (against the Hive Willpower). If you pass, you can transfer half the shifts of damage you suffered to your other Hive members (all shifts on a Success With Style). If they are _taken out_ you can't tap on them as long they can't heal the damage. However, do this is very dangerous: in a _Epic Fail_, you receive the same number of shifts as a Mental Attack because of the Psychic Shock
+ _Wyrdmind:_ You have a somewhat "chaotic" mind by some reason: maybe your Hive is part of a Multiple Personality Disorder, or the minds on your Hive are too much alien for the humam mind. No matter what, you can tap on this to defend yourself from precognation, scrying or other kind of mind-reading. +2 on all Defenses against those actions and, in case of _Epic Fail_ from the reader, you provoke a Mental Attack with the total of shifts of the Failure as damage.

## Power Class Requirement
 Hives are leveled by how they can control their Hive. Each _Awareness_ Level equals one Class. A Hive-Type without _Awareness_ is considered D-Class.

## Variants

The main kinds of Hives are:

+ _Mind-Absorvers:_ they can, consciously or not, absorves other's mind and put it into her own. Some of them also knows how to free them back to their bodies (considering the body is still alive). One of the worst Hive-Mind Villains, called _DASD_ based on the old-fashioned mainframe storage device from some high-power computers, is known to absorve their victims minds as a way to _take hostage_ people he needs to do his crimes, menacing to kill the victim's bodies and them "free" them into the death oblivion;
+ _Collective Minds:_  They are people that can naturally talk between themselves, no matter where they are, with almost no limitation or lag. They "appears" to each other like they are talking directly, and sometimes they can "assume control" on each other's bodies and provide useful skills. _Urbeto_ is one of the most famous _Collective Minds_. Meaning _village_ in Esperanto, he/they are normal people that fight against common bandits. Some says that at least one C-Type Ajax is part of _Urbeto_, and that he can somewhat "transfer" his powers to others into it. Another one known is _Gaea Hypotesis_, a group of kids that can feel which each one feels and then works together somewaht.
+ _Multiple Selfs:_ somewhat, they are like Mind Absorvers, but in this case, the mind of the person is somewhat fractured before or during the breakthrough. But they can tap on this to create lots of consciousness that can works like a _Doppelganger Metamorph_. One of the famous one is _Memetic_, that looks like able to use the powers and knowledges from almost every pop culture hero or villain.
+ _Smartmobs:_ they are not exactly a breakthorugh, although some call them this way. They are more like a organization that can tap into the knowledges from each other via special Vernetech. The main one known is _Smartmob_ itself, a rescue team that, being best of the best, permits each one to provide help to the main agents in action, via the special Vernetech supercellphone created by _Urania_, a A-Class Verne;
+ _Mind Hives:_ the one that gave the Type his name, normally are a combination of bodies that works under a same mind, that absorves minds and controls it. Looks like a kind of combo of Redux, and Hive... And sometime even Verne, like in the main case, _MCP_, a Verne that, gone crazy, created his own army of people controlled by his nanotech. 

## Observations

This type maybe will need some work on how things will be work. A tip is to previously create all _The Others_

__Inspirations:__

+ _Mind Absorbers:_ Somewhat on Marvel's _Rogue_
+ _Collective Minds:_  BBC's _Sense8_ and Morrison Doom Patrol's _Crazy Jane_
+ _Multiple Selfs:_ Vertigo's Shade, The Mutable Man; and somewhat DC's Firestorm
+ _Smartmobs:_ Warren Ellis' _Global Frequency_
+ _Mind Hives:_ Star Trek's _Borgs_; Perry Rhodan's _Posbis_
