---
title: "Dataflow (Real Name: Alieksei Fiodorovitch Kutzetsov)"
subheadline: A Sample Character for Wearing the Cape (Playtest)
layout: personagens
categories:
  - characters
  - wtc
tags:
 - Wearing the Cape (Playtest)
header: no
---

Alieksei Fiodorovitch Kutzetsov, son of Fiodor Gregorovitch Kutzetsov, granson of Grigory Raskonikov Kutzetsov, grow on his father reputation as a spy for the old soviet intelligence organization, the KGB. And it was his father and grandfather that put on him the thirst for knowledge and information. 

With 4, he received his first computer, an old-fashioned IBM 486, that he used for some months, learning the basics of Internet technologies and system programming. At 8, he already had developed his own software and knew how to kack computer systems for fun.

And, when he was 10, it was the Event.

When he woke up, he saw his computer booting itself, while energy get back. He saw also some guys trying to enter his room.

He discharge a electrical pulse on them, knocking them out.

He felt weird and run for Internet for news.

It was when he felt his fingers turning into a chrome colored goo, getting into the USB ports and he felt the information surge, like the Internet informations being pushed directly into his brain.

It was when he felt himself getting into a security system for his father's work. He fought (as literally as he could say) his access, using old passwords like magical enchants and hacking his way. He saw a window that was showing the camera system, and some heavy armed people on it. He knew there's some safe routes, but they were not active.

He fought for the access to the systems and unlocked the safe routes, and engaged a security system that freed sleeping gas, knocking out the armed people. He got out the system and, when his father came back home, explained what happened.

His father saw some of the Russian breakthrough and suggested him to get to the government to help, but his grandfather said him to get away from Russia, because they could try to turn him, as did to his grandfather, into a weapon in espionage scene on a possible 2nd Cold War.

With some money and contacts his grandfather gives to him, he got out Russia to Genebra, and soon he was working into some private group of hackers, using secretly his breakthorugh powers to invade systems and (sometimes) melts other peoples mind with his eletrokinesis.

Recently, he decided (after a run that, although rented him big bucks, resulted in a friend dead under a Ajax) to get out this private team and turn his power on something better. So, he got into _Heroes Without Borders_. Now he can use his skills and powers on something better.

Dataflow uses the nanomachines in his body to jack himself into a system, and is defenseless while this. However, outside he can use his eletrokinesis powers to knock people out.

He uses a very 80s cyberpunk style, although no chrome directly on his body because his EK powers. He likes synthwave and all kind of electro music. He's also an information addicted: when not jacked into a system, he reads A LOT and also like to play with old-fashioned tech, like vinyl discs, VHS tapes and 8-bits computers. In fact, a little known trick he uses is to use some jury-rigged interfaces between those 8-bits systems and Internet to use his powers as Asimov.


## Aspects

| Type | Aspect |
|-|-|
| Power Aspect | A-Class Asimov (Netrunner)/C-Class Eletrokinesis |
| Hero Aspect | A Electrified Netrunner |
| Trouble  | Information Addicted |
| Background | If you know, you win |
| Background | Grandfather was a Soviet Spy for KGB |

### Attributes

| Attribute | Level |
|-|-|
| Alertness | Great (+4) |
| Athleticism | |
| Physique |  |
| Discernment | Superb (+5) |
| Willpower | Good (+3) |
| Presence | |

### Skills

| Skill | Level |
|-|-|
| Academics | Great (+4) | 
| Aid |  | 
| Deceive | Fair (+2) | 
| Drive |  Average (+1) | 
| Engineering | Average (+1) | 
| Fight |  | 
| Interface | Fair (+2) |
| Investigate |  | 
| Larceny | Fair (+2) | 
| Provoke | Average (+1) | 
| Rapport |Average (+1) |
| Shoot |  | 
| Stealth | Average (+1) | 
| Survival |   | 

## Resources

| Attribute | Level |
|-|-|
| Contacts |  Good (+3) |
| Reputation | Fair (+2) |
| Wealth | Good (+3) |

## Stunts [ SFP Remaining: 1 ]

+ Great Control x2
+ Area Attack
+ Privilege Escalation
+ Extra Core x4


