---
title: Ibi, Earth Spirit
layout: personagens
language: en
categories:
  - personagens
tags:
  - Young Centurions
header: no
---

## Aspect

| ***Type***       | ***Aspect***                                                            |
|------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| __High Concept__ |  A little Amazonian Native girl that speaks with Mother Earth           |
| __Trouble__      |  Animals and Nature's life are as important as our lives                |
|                  | Juma knows everything about myself and always will be with me           |
|                  | Vegetarian: don't eat meat                                              |
|                  | Condor Animal Spirit - wants to know more about the world outside       |

## Approaches

| ***Approach***  | ***Level***     |
|-----------------|-----------------|
| __Careful__     | _Good (+3)_     |
| __Clever__      | _Fair (+2)_ |
| __Flashy__      | _Mediocre (+0)_ |
| __Forceful__    | _Average (+1)_  |
| __Quicky__      | _Fair (+2)_ |
| __Sneaky__      | _Average (+1)_  |

## Centurion Stunt

+ _Animal Bounding:_ Ibi, as an Amazonian Native, lives and is linked with nature, and can call animal spirits and talk to them, and sometimes tap into their power. _Twice per Session_, she can create Aspects related with animals she knows with a Free Invoke per time. She can only do this with animals she knows and that are common in the regions or she can find a exemplar into short distance (at least a neighborhood)

## Common Stunts [ Refresh: 3 ]

+ _Talk With Animals:_ +2 when _Creating Advantages_ while being _Careful_ while "talking" with animals. They can't "say" things they don't know or could not describe
+ _Nature's Lore:_ +2 when _Creating Advantages_ while being _Careful_ related with her knowledge on the Nature and how it works into the wilderness

## Appearance

Ibi is normal sized for an Amazon native, and uses just a kind of skirt made of leaves, and a little headband with leaves and so. She sometimes use a kind of bra made of leaves. She can also use "white man" clothes when needed.

## Behavior

Ibi values her freedom, Nature and animals. She is curious about the white men ways and about the world outside her tribe, but at the same time she has no patience or respect with those who disrepect the Nature. She still is someway unconfortable with the idea to go to the world outside. She trust even more Juma, a very old but strong shaman for her tribe and the Guardian of the _Xivipi_ Talisman.

## History 

Ibi was born (she didn't know until she was older) in the first strokes of the new century, in her tribe. The Condor crying during her birth was considered a kind of auspice, one that Juma, the local shaman, said she should be raised as a special child for Mother Nature. Ibi learned lots from everyone, specially from Juma, that talked a lot about the white man and on how sooner on later she would get out the tribe, to go to the world outside, to learn and get back, as Juma herself did when she was a lot younger, wiser and stronger in mind and knowledge, to use either white man knowledge and the old time wisdom. And so Ibi waits for the time she'll get to the world outside.
