---
title: "Djanni (Real Name: Altayr Bashir Tahan)"
subheadline: "A underage sidekick Atlas for _Wearing the Cape_"
language: en
layout: personagens
categories:
  - wtc
  - personagens
tags:
 - Wearing the Cape
header: no
---

Lots of Refugees get into the _Roque Santeiro_ camp every day. The biggest refugee camp post-Event, some countries has smaller population than it. 

And in the middle of those refugees there was a little kid. His name's Altayr Bashir Tahan _ben_ Zayn Bashir Tahan. 

His father ran away from the Islamic Caliphate when they arised after the Event, and hide themselves into his country Tunisia, until the Caliphate War and the rising of _Eretz Israel_ resulted on them losing their home and going down Africa until they came into Sierra Leone.

And because of all this, Altayr was small for his age, and was the one bullies picked, until some of them tried to stone him just for fun and, trying to get away from them, he run from them...

...if fact, he _flighted_ away from them.

With time, he discovered himself as an Atlas, and also with some small powers of elemental control, via gust of winds and others air manipulation, like the _Djann_ from the legends, called by the foreigners as genies.

He's muslin, but more okay to mingle with "infidels" than many muslins, and he's working for _Heros Sans Frontiéres_, as he's working to take his CAI certification and help people. His main obstacle is the fact he's underage.

## Aspects

| Type | Aspect |
|-|-|
| Power Aspect | B-Class Atlas / C-Class Merlin (Darvish) |
| Hero Aspect | A muslim Atlas |
| Trouble  | Underage Sidekick - Not took seriously  |
| Background | "Jihad _is about self-improvement and purification, not war"_ |
| Background | The Compassionate One, the Mighty One, gave me powers to make good things in His Name |

### Attributes

| Attribute | Level |
|-|-|
| Alertness | Great (+4) | 
| Athleticism | Superb (+5) |
| Physique |  |
| Discernment | Good (+3)  |
| Willpower | Great (+4) |
| Presence |   |

### Skills

| Skill | Level |
|-|-|
| Academics | Good (+3)  | 
| Aid |  Average (+1) | 
| Deceive | Fair (+2) | 
| Drive |  |
| Engineering | Average (+1) | 
| Fight | Fair (+2)  |  
| Investigate | Average (+1) |
| Larceny | |
| Provoke | Fair (+2) | 
| Rapport | Average(+1) |
| Shoot |  | 
| Stealth | Fair (+2) | 
| Survival |  |
| Darvish (Power Skill) |  Average (+1) | 

## Resources

| Attribute | Level |
|-|-|
| Contacts | |
| Reputation |  |
| Wealth | |

## Stunts [ SFP Remaining: 2 ]

+ _Superhuman Physique_ x3 (6FP)
+ _Superhuman Recovery_
+ _Supersenses_
+ _Magical Cunning_ x2 (4FP)

## Stress and Consequences

| Stress | Bar |
|-|-|
| _Physical_ | `2`{: .fate_font} |
| _Mental_ | `4`{: .fate_font} |
| _Resources_ | `1`{: .fate_font} |

| Consequences | Normal | Extra Physical | Extra Mental | Extra Resource |
|-|-|
| _Mild (+2)_ |  `1`{: .fate_font} |  | | |
| _Moderate (+4)_ | `1`{: .fate_font} |  | `1`{: .fate_font} | | 
| _Severe (+6)_ | `1`{: .fate_font} |  | | |


## Power Skill: Darvish

The mystic traditions of the Darvish is power for those who had undergone the Breakthrough. It's basically magic related with elemental control (especially Air and Fire) and Invocation and binding of spirits allies, including the demonic _Djann_ (or _Djinn_, or _Genies_) to do the wish of the user. Is normally based on the traditions of Islam and some Islamic apochrypha, and in pre-Islam mystical traditions. Some of the more zealous muslims consider Darvish _haram_ and his use part of aposthasia.

+ `O`{: .fate_font}: _Darvish_ can be used to understand and read the flows of the elements and the spirits. Talking with the spirits can also be done with _Darvish_
+ `C`{: .fate_font}: using _Darvish_, the user can invoke some of the ___Djann___ under his will or create ___mystical sandstorms___. He can also use it to generate (or conpurscate) ___clean water___ or help on manage his way under some place
+ `A`{: .fate_font}: normally you can't _Attack_ via _Darvish_, however you can do it via _Fury of Djann_ Stunts. 
+ `D`{: .fate_font}: normally you can't _React_ via _Darvish_, although you can _Block_ by raising the sand to defend yourself.
